Digdirator doc (#103)
nais/doc: nais-application/reference.md

Toggle for enabling [TokenX](../addons/tokenx.md) for your application.

**Default**: `false`

## `spec.idporten`
Configures an ID-porten client for this application. See [Idporten](../addons/idporten.md) for more details.

### `spec.idporten.enabled`
If enabled, will provision an ID-porten client for the application.

**Default**: `false`

### `spec.idporten.clientName`
The name of the client registered at ID-porten, is also displayed at login for users.

**Default**: `NAV`

### `spec.idporten.refreshTokenLifetime`
Is the lifetime in seconds for the issued refresh token from ID-porten

**Default**: `43200`

### `spec.idporten.clientURI`
The URL of the client to be used at ID-porten when displaying a 'back' button or on errors.

**Default**: `[]`

### `spec.idporten.redirectURI`
Valid url that ID-Porten can redirect back to after successful authorization 

> request, e.g. `"https://my.application.ingress/oauth2/callback"`

Reviewer: Burde vi nevne at denne kun får default hvis du bare har en ingress?

Author: Enig

**Default**: `https://my.application.ingress/oauth2/callback`

> ### `spec.idporten.frontchannelLogoutURI[]`
> A URL that the provider sends a request to when logging out triggered by another client in the same session, 
> e.g. `[ "https://my.application.ingress/oauth2/logout" ]`
> 
> **Default**: `[]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `spec.idporten.frontchannelLogoutURI`
Where ID-porten sends a request to whenever the user has initiated a logout elsewhere as part of a [single logout (front channel logout)](https://difi.github.io/felleslosninger/oidc_func_sso.html#motta-informasjon-om-slo-front-channel-logout) process, e.g. `"https://my.application.ingress/oauth2/logout `

**Default**: `(no value)`

**Required**: `false`
```

### `spec.idporten.postLogoutRedirectURIs[]`

> urls that the provider redirects to after logging out, 
> e.g. `[ "https://my.application.ingress/oauth2/logout" ]`
> 
> **Default**: `[]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Valid URIs that ID-porten will redirect the end-user to after a [single logout](https://difi.github.io/felleslosninger/oidc_func_sso.html#initiering-av-slo-session-management) has been initiated and performed by the application.

Example: `[ "https://my.application.ingress/" ]`

**Default**: `[ "https://www.nav.no" ]`
```
